simple-linked-list: use AWS hosted images (#3475)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/simple-linked-list/.docs/instructions.append.md

While `stacks` and `queues` can be implemented using `lists`, `collections.deque`, `queue.LifoQueue`, and `multiprocessing.Queue`, this exercise expects a ["Last in, First Out" (`LIFO`) stack][Baeldung: The Stack Data Structure] (_interactive example [here][LIFO Stack]_) using a _custom-made_ [singly linked list][singly linked list].

> ![Diagram representing a stack implemented with a linked list. A circle with a dashed border named New_Node is to the far left-hand side, with two dotted arrow lines pointing right-ward.  New_Node reads "(becomes head) - New_Node - next = node_6". The top dotted arrow line is labeled "push" and points to Node_6, above and to the right.  Node_6 reads "(current) head - Node_6 - next = node_5". The bottom dotted arrow line is labeled "pop" and points to a box that reads "gets removed on pop()". Node_6 has a solid arrow that points rightward to Node_5, which reads "Node_5 - next = node_4". Node_5 has a solid arrow pointing rightward to Node_4, which reads "Node_4 - next = node_3". Node_4 has a solid arrow pointing rightward to Node_3, which reads "Node_3 - next = node_2". Node_3 has a solid arrow pointing rightward to Node_2, which reads "Node_2 - next = node_1". Node_2 has a solid arrow pointing rightward to Node_1, which reads "(current) tail - Node_1 - next = None". Node_1 has a dotted arrow pointing rightward to a node that says "None".](https://exercism-v3-icons.s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/images/tracks/python/simple-linked-list/linked-list.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Diagram representing a stack implemented with a linked list. A circle with a dashed border named New_Node is to the far left-hand side, with two dotted arrow lines pointing right-ward.  New_Node reads "(becomes head) - New_Node - next = node_6". The top dotted arrow line is labeled "push" and points to Node_6, above and to the right.  Node_6 reads "(current) head - Node_6 - next = node_5". The bottom dotted arrow line is labeled "pop" and points to a box that reads "gets removed on pop()". Node_6 has a solid arrow that points rightward to Node_5, which reads "Node_5 - next = node_4". Node_5 has a solid arrow pointing rightward to Node_4, which reads "Node_4 - next = node_3". This pattern continues until Node_1, which reads "(current) tail - Node_1 - next = None". Node_1 has a dotted arrow pointing rightward to a node that says "None".](https://exercism-v3-icons.s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/images/tracks/python/simple-linked-list/linked-list.svg)
```

This should not be confused with a [`LIFO` stack using a dynamic array or list][LIFO Stack Array], which may use a `list` underneath.
Dynamic array based `stacks` have a different `head` position and different time complexity (Big-O) and memory footprint.

> ![Diagram representing a stack implemented with an array/dynamic array. A box with a dashed border named New_Node is to the far right-hand side, with two dotted arrow lines pointing left-ward.  New_Node reads "(becomes head) -  New_Node". The top dotted arrow line is labeled "append" and points to Node_6, above and to the left.  Node_6 reads "(current) head - Node_6". The bottom dotted arrow line is labeled "pop" and points to a box with a dotted outline that reads "gets removed on pop()". Node_6 has a solid arrow that points leftward to Node_5. Node_5 has a solid arrow pointing leftward to Node_4. Node_4 has a solid arrow pointing leftward to Node_3. Node_3 has a solid arrow pointing rightward to Node_2. Node_2 has a solid arrow pointing rightward to Node_1, which reads "(current) tail - Node_1".](https://exercism-v3-icons.s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/images/tracks/python/simple-linked-list/linked_list_array.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Diagram representing a stack implemented with an array/dynamic array. A box with a dashed border named New_Node is to the far right-hand side, with two dotted arrow lines pointing left-ward.  New_Node reads "(becomes head) -  New_Node". The top dotted arrow line is labeled "append" and points to Node_6, above and to the left.  Node_6 reads "(current) head - Node_6". The bottom dotted arrow line is labeled "pop" and points to a box with a dotted outline that reads "gets removed on pop()". Node_6 has a solid arrow that points leftward to Node_5. Node_5 has a solid arrow pointing leftward to Node_4. This pattern continues until Node_1, which reads "(current) tail - Node_1".](https://exercism-v3-icons.s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/images/tracks/python/simple-linked-list/linked_list_array.svg)
```
